[DOCS] Improve inference API documentation (#115235)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/inference/service-elasticsearch.asciidoc

=====

[discrete]
[[inference-example-elasticsearch-elser]]
==== ELSER via the `elasticsearch` service

The following example shows how to create an {infer} endpoint called `my-elser-model` to perform a `sparse_embedding` task type.

The API request below will automatically download the ELSER model if it isn't already downloaded and then deploy the model.

[source,console]
------------------------------------------------------------
PUT _inference/sparse_embedding/my-elser-model
{
  "service": "elasticsearch",
  "service_settings": {
    "adaptive_allocations": { <1>
      "enabled": true,

>       "min_number_of_allocations": 3,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "min_number_of_allocations": 1,
```

      "max_number_of_allocations": 10
    },
    "num_threads": 1,
    "model_id": ".elser_model_2" <2>
  }
}
------------------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:TBD]

> <1> Adaptive allocations will be enabled with the minimum of 3 and the maximum of 10 allocations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Adaptive allocations will be enabled with the minimum of 1 and the maximum of 10 allocations.
```

A minimum of 1 is a more realistic example for real world usage

}
------------------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:TBD]

[discrete]
[[inference-example-existing-deployment]]
==== Using an existing model deployment with the `elasticsearch` service

The following example shows how to use an already existing model deployment when creating an {infer} endpoint.

[source,console]
------------------------------------------------------------
PUT _inference/sparse_embedding/use_existing_deployment
{
  "service": "elasticsearch",
  "service_settings": {
    "deployment_id": ".elser_model_2" <1>
  }
}
------------------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:TBD]
<1> The `deployment_id` of the already existing model deployment.

> The API response contains the properties of `model_id`, and the threads and allocations settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API response contains the `model_id`, and the threads and allocations settings from the model deployment:
```
